Add product specification (#28)
vtex-apps/listrak-pixel: docs/README.md

- **Full Catalog Import**: Send your entire product catalog to Listrak. This will happen on the first SKU update after enabling the option.

LISTRAK FIELDS & VALUES 
This will map the vtex product specifications with listrak fields

> - **Category**: Input product specification value for category field in Listrak payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Category**: Input the name of the product specification field containing the product's main category. If left blank, this will be automatically set as the first category that the product belongs to. 
```

> - **Sub Category**: Input product specification value for sub category field in Listrak payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Sub Category**: Input the name of the product specification field containing the product's secondary category. If left blank, this will be automatically set as "Type/Silhouette".
```

> - **Meta 1**: Input product specification value for meta 1 field in Listrak payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Meta 1**: Input the name of the product specification field containing any additional data you wish to send. If left blank, this will be automatically set as a pipe-separated list of the item's unique SKU specifications.
```

> - **Meta 2**: Input product specification value for meta 2 field in Listrak payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Meta 2**: Input the name of the product specification field containing any additional data you wish to send. If left blank, this will be automatically set with a placeholder value of "meta_2".
```

> - **Meta 3**: Input product specification value for meta 3 field in Listrak payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Meta 3**: Input the name of the product specification field containing any additional data you wish to send. If left blank, this will be automatically set with a placeholder value of "meta_3".
```
